hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alert today we're talking
about the 2013 film The Wolverine the
x-men films have two timelines check out
the link in the description to have a
more clear picture where this film falls
in storyline
also note that this film has a very
similar title to the 2009 film x-men
origins Wolverine and there's also
another film called Logan coming out in
2017 all of which are focused on the
mutants Wolverine the summary relies in
part that you have seen the previous
films if you'd like to see a summary
check out the link below as well as the
summaries for the other Marvel films the
film opens in 1945 where Wolverine slash
Logan is being held in a Japanese Pio
wkm and atomic bomb is dropped and Logan
save the Japanese officer named Ichiro
Yashida the film transfers to present
day showing Logan being tormented by
hallucinations of Jean Grey who died in
third x-men films Logan is tracked down
by Yukio a mutant that can proceed
people's death and who works for his
Sheba the officers at Logan save yo
Shiba is dying from cancer and wants to
meet with Logan to repay Logan for
savings of life Yashida wants to
transfer Logan self-healing powers to
himself to get rid of the cancer that
Yoshida has which will in turn and Logan
immortality which Logan views as a
burden
Logan refuses the offer however and
while sleeping yashida's physician dr.
Greene who's also known as the mutant
Viper introduces something into Logan's
body
the next morning Logan is told that
Yoshida has died at his funeral Yakuza
members attempt to kidnap his sheeta's
granddaughter Mariko
but Mariko and Logan escape while on the
run Logan and Mariko start to fall in
love but Mariko is captured
Logan finds out that Mariko's fiancé is
behind the kidnapping and that he is
conspired with Mariko's father to have
her killed
because Mariko is the heir to the
Yashida company
not Rico's father Logan discovers that a
robot was placed inside his body and in
suppressing his ability to heal he cuts
into himself and removes the robot the
momentarily died
Mariko his father attacks but Logan
recovers and kills Mariko father Logan
tries to locate Mariko but is eventually
captured by a group of ninjas Logan is
placed into a machine created by dr.
Greene who reveals that she plans to
take Logan's powers and put them inside
of a massive exoskeleton called the
silver samurai which has a sword made of
adamantium the same metal that is in
Logan's claws Yukio arrives and kills
dr. green and Logan battles the silver
samurai Logan's claws are broken and the
silver samurai begins to steal Logan's
healing factor it is then revealed that
the silver samurai is actually Yashida
who did not actually die from cancer and
is now trying to steal Logan's powers to
become the Ultimate Warrior
Mariko stabs her grandfather Yashida
using one of Logan's severed and a
mantium claws and Logan is able to
recover regrow his bone claws and kills
Uchida ending the fight later on Mariko
becomes CEO of the Yashida industries
and says goodbye to Logan in the mid
credit scene we see Logan his back of
the United States talking with magneto
in an airport to discuss a dangerous
threat that is returned hinting at the
next film x-men Days of Future past
Logan also finds out that Xavier is
still alive - Logan watch die in the
third film so that was the spoilers for
x-men Days of Future past if you have
another film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alert under
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching